update readme with granular scopes (#118)
nylas/nylas-python: README.md

def index():
    redirect_url = "http://0.0.0.0:8888/login_callback"
    client = APIClient(APP_ID, APP_SECRET)
    return redirect(client.authentication_url(redirect_url, scopes='email.read_only,email.send'))

```

> The Nylas API provides granular authentication scopes that empower users with control over what level of access your application has to their data. This should be a list of strings. See supported [Authentication Scopes](https://docs.nylas.com/docs/authentication-scopes) for a full list of scopes and details behind the scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Nylas API provides granular authentication scopes that empower users with control over the level of access your application has to their data. Pass a comma-separated list of scopes to the `scopes` argument for the `authentication_url` method. See [Authentication Scopes](https://docs.nylas.com/docs/authentication-scopes) for a full list of scopes and details behind the scopes.
```

> The Nylas API provides granular authentication scopes that empower users with control over the level of access your application has to their data. Pass a comma-separated list of scopes to the `scopes` argument for the `authentication_url` method. See [Authentication Scopes](https://docs.nylas.com/docs/authentication-scopes) for a full list of scopes and details behind the scopes.

Reviewer 2: The Nylas API provides granular authentication scopes that empower users with control over the level of access your application has to their data. Pass a comma-separated string of scopes to the scopes argument for the authentication_url method. See Authentication Scopes for a full list of scopes and details behind the scopes.
